Welcome to the breakdown where we breakdownall the messed-up movies, and anime. Yeah,
I know you're here, first, notification gang.
All that matters is that you re here to join us
in watching our next Anime series. Easily a lot
better overall than Pupa. We have Another You
ve seen Another before. You ve seen a teacher
kill himself by stabbing himself in the neck.
Another is about Koichi Sakakibara who transfers
to Yomiyama Middle School. It doesn t take long
for this big city kid to realize that something
weird is going on with his class and this girl
Mei Misaki is at the center of it all. Now Spooky
has partnered up with Shudder for today s video
so listen up! This anime is 12 episodes long + 1
OVA. Each episode is 25 minutes long which means
4 episodes is about 100 minutes or an hour and 40
minutes. That s longer than most movies we talk
about so we will do 4 episodes at a time. Don t
worry, I m not gonna do 4 episodes today and 4
episodes a month later. It will all be finished
within the next weeks. Of course, this anime is
easily on Crunchyroll so if you just want to watch
it yourself go right ahead. If you wanna see what
happens, including all the messed-up parts,
stay tuned for the breakdown cue the Gohan!
Another! This is not one of my
favorite openings I m not going to lie.
As soon as the story starts, you already
know about the legend of Class 3.
We will introduce it shortly. Koichi is in the
hospital right before transferring to school.
He has a lung condition that runs in
the family, collapsed lung. Mom is dead,
father is doing some Nathan Drake type shit
in India. Right across in the next room,
Son Gohan and Son Goku are resting after their
bout with the Saiyans. Soon, the officers of
class 3 visit. Akazawa, Kazami, Sakuragi.
I m sure you won t remember those names.
They keep sweating our homeboy about where he
is from. They are worse than some gang members.
Keep asking if he is really from
Yomiyama even though he is from Tokyo,
where the bad bitches are. They also ask
to call him by his first name Koichi, even
though usually people call each other by their
family names in Japan, you all just met today.
Later that night, Koichi is on the way downstairs
when he encounters this doll girl. Mei Misaki.
She says she has to deliver something to her Poor
other half . Ignoring any question directed to her
except to say her name is Mei. She is
getting bored, taking a trip to the morgue.
On the first day of school, introductions out of
the way. The teacher sounds like he wants to steal
Sharingans. First day of school, people talk
to Koichi like he just transferred from UA.
Really everybody wants to hear about Tokyo, that
s why everybody asks questions. There go Genocide
Jack. Suddenly Koichi wonders where Mei Misaki is.
The other kids change the subject really quick.
When Koichi asks Sakuragi where Mei is, she almost
activates her Rinnegan. Compelled to give a fuck,
he goes all the way up to the roof seeing Mei
there, drawing something. She doesn t even
remember you bro then announces his whole name.
She warns him that his classmates are starting
to associate him with death. Death being the
cruel curse affecting his entire class. Class 3.
Mei says he should start avoiding her,
because if you pay too much attention to her
Bad things will happen. He s like Who are
you . She s like You don t wanna know Mista,
I m trouble..big trouble
Episode 2
Beautiful Flowers, Beautiful day. Mei sits in the
shadows before Koichi visits failing to light her
up. Again she warns him to keep his distance,
but since he won t IT will begin! What is IT?
Later, Jock Boy lets loose that Class 3 is
cursed. Cursed is an understatement since Koichi
wont stop trying to talk to Misaki. Chibiki the
librarian tells him only to go to class, showing
exactly that everybody is ignoring Misaki like
she doesn t exist at all. Misaki is built for it,
but that s insecurity brewing right there.
Koichi has a check up at the hospital when the
nurse who tended to him talks with him. They are
good reading buddies. He asks her if a girl died
last week. The person that Mei was visiting all
the way to the morgue. She starkly remembers that
maybe a girl did die last Monday. It ll take some
time to see who it is though. Next day at school,
the lesson is about haikus. Akazawa looks t
Kochi hard as hell when he keeps sweating Misaki.
She kinda looks like that girl
with that literature club.
Koichi isn t falling in line like he should,
and even stalks Mei Misaki walking around.
After school she retires to a random
building filled with dolls and models. Then,
the nurse calls him saying that a middle
school girl died, and her name was Misaki. So,
we re led to think Mei Misaki is a ghost kind of
but that s not the case. One of these dolls looks
kinda like her too! Misaki randomly pops
up to agree that the doll looks like her,
except its missing the eyepatch. She offers
to show him what s under her eyepatch,
smiling as she takes it off.
Episode 3
Misaki is taking that hoe off, and its just
another EYE! A green artificial doll eye that
of course allows her to see things others cannot.
Misaki tells Koichi to get out of here before the
dolls fill their emptiness with Koichi s soul.
Upstairs, she tells him about the story of class 3
twenty-six years ago. Class 3 is the
class Misaki and Koichi are in now.
26 years ago, a popular girl who was named
Misaki died shortly after 9th grade started.
Many rumors exist as to how she died, but
everybody was shocked and overcome with grief
Until someone someday just decided to walk up to
her old desk, look at it and say: She isn t dead,
Misaki is right here ! Despite literally
being dead, this Misaki girl from 26 years
ago was suddenly said to exist and everybody
started believing it Even though she is dead.
It s a weird way to deal with death...It s like
everybody had the same grief and the same remedy
to deal with it, by pretending she was alive. Even
the principal and teachers fell into that role by
including her desk in the graduation ceremony.
When they took a class picture, that girl was
in the picture, Pale like a ghost and smiling.
Anyway, midterms coming up soon. Its 1998 when
this story takes place. At the end of school,
Sakuragi asks Koichi if he wants to walk home
with her. Just say yes dude and go with her You
re gonna walk home anyway. This scene feels like
a prophecy! Koichi asks about Misaki, but
you re not supposed to acknowledge Misaki.
Finally, someone tells him straight up.
For some reason Misaki is not supposed to exist
even though she clearly does, or people wouldn t
be sweating Koichi to not talk to her. Later that
night, Koichi finds out that a girl named Misaki
Fujioka died in the hospital. Must be someone
related to Mei. We will hear more about her in the
next 4 episodes, I guess. Soon its finals week,
and Koichi s smart ass being done early lets
him hang with the girl who does not exist.
I m wondering how everyone knows not to see you
or act like you exist. Its like its one of the
first things you learn in this town. Sakuragi
gets notified of something and has to run out.
She rushes with her pointed umbrella but stands
shocked to see Koichi with the girl who doesn
t exist. She runs down the stairs slips one step
and drops her umbrella. She falls down tumbling,
eventually landing straight on the pointed tip and
dying a gruesome, bloody, and painful death. You
can hear her gurgling as she finally expires.
Episode 4
In case you forgot, here is a replay of her dying.
And guess what, her mother died the same day.
Koichi was scarred to see it, but it
did not affect him that much later on.
Everybody is ordered to not talk about it, and
the curse gets rumors brewing that its best
to stay away from Class 3. On June 2nd, Koichi
meets up with the nurse who tended to him. Its
like they best friends now. Basically, they become
investigative partners for this episode at least.
Now these four episodes love to hammer in the
same information in your head. Yes, I know,
Misaki doesn t exist. I know the main portion
of what happened 26 years ago. At this point
I m just trying to see who is going to die and how
until y all get ready to tell me the whole story.
Koichi walks home. Who is this? I don t remember
this girl at all but of course she is in the class
right? She s funny! Suddenly, a gust of wind blows
over a glass panel almost landing on them both,
until Koichi saves the day. That goofy happy
go lucky personality switches to pure dread
realizing how close she came to death.
Koichi has a sister. She was in the hospital
of course. She was in class 3 too, fifteen
years ago. She s a lot older than I thought.
She is plagued by fatigue and headaches ever since
Koichi started hanging with Mei. On June 3rd,
Koichi is the focus of the class.
They are scared of him because
whoever is around him dies. And he is ignoring
the unwritten rule of ignoring Mei Misaki.
I wish Koichi got the breakdown on the cursed
classroom like y all did. Its like the first
thing they learn when they get out of the womb is
that class 3 is cursed, ignore Mei Misaki. Anyway,
Koichi starting to get mad that his homes ignore
him now. At least he aint walking around like
Why are they doing that . The nurse soon calls him
wanting to talk about Mei. She doubts she really
exists, but we know she does and everybody
else knows too. Get back to work ma am.
She gets back on the elevator to return to
her shift, but then the elevator breaks apart
Literally malfunctioning making the entire
elevator fall to the ground floor! The nurse
s last moments are fear as the elevator crashes
into the ground, killing her instantly as her head
hits the floor. Even if that didn t kill her, the
elevator breaking around her would have. Well I
kinda liked her Koichi knows something went bad!
And that s it for the first four episodes of
Another. I hope you guys are enjoying this! Much
better than Pupa s entire existence. It ll get
dark in the next 4 episodes, and I promise you ll
see those next week! Come on you can t lie and say
that watching anime aint cool! Let s talk about
the most disturbed moment and most enjoyed moment
in that Spooky stuff! Cue the Gohan!
So I would say that the most disturbed
moment is easily Sakuragi s death! I thought
Id feel bad but I really don t. I sound like
a sick fuck but I don t really care that you
died! Oh no! I m becoming Despair! The death
of the nurse was sad though, I kinda liked her.
Most enjoyed moment is probably the doll studio.
I personally liked how they were drawn.
I liked the aura of the place too.
Nah I m just bullshittin! I kinda like this main
character. He kinda cool! He s not stupid either,
asking obvious questions. Mei is pretty cool too
but she is almost a clich at this point. And that
s it! Hope you guys enjoyed this video and I d
love if you could check out pupa and corpse party!
Those are some crazy anime series too! Check out
the whole playlist while you re at it! Subscribe
to see more disturbing movies, anime,comics
and manga in the upcoming weeks! Check out
Shudder to catch the most horrific collection of
horror ever! Thanks for watching, SPOOKY OUT!